website to get images: www.signatureresidencesworldwide.com

Beach House Lovells Drive
Living space 7,300sqft
Lot Size 23,000 sqft
5 bedrooms
Type: village
This beachfront villa for sale in Barbados is set in 23,000 sq. ft. of land close to the Sandy Lane Hotel on Barbados’ famed West Coast. The luxury villa offers amazing sea views and the sound of the waves gently lapping the shoreline.

Masterfully designed and built to a very high specification, the gated luxury house for sale offers a total living area of 7,300 sq ft. The main living areas are located on the ground floor and include a spacious living room, media room, powder room, ultra-modern Italian kitchen with Gaggeneau appliances, breakfast deck and an expansive verandah, which overlooks landscaped gardens, a large free form swimming pool and the sea. There are also 2 guest rooms which both open to the poolside verandah.

The master suite is located on the upper level and includes a spacious sitting room, walk-in closet and an elegant bathroom. There are 2 additional guest suites with their own walk-in closets. The master suite and one of the guest rooms benefit from direct access on to an oceanfront terrace with stunning views of the Caribbean Sea.

Neatly tucked away in the gardens by the swimming pool is a large gazebo with wet bar and barbecue.

This amazing piece of luxury real estate for sale in Barbados features a total living area of 7,300 sq. ft. including laundry room, staff quarters, storage space and garage for 4 cars.

The luxury real estate property is close to all facilities and activities on the Barbados west coast such as beaches, restaurants, cocktail bars, golf and tennis facilities, shopping, banking, and is also just a 15 minute drive to Bridgetown.

Luxury West Coast Villa
Living Space 9796 sqft
Lot Size 1.04 Acres
8 bedrooms
An exclusive piece of Barbados real estate, this luxury villa for sale sits on one acre of land within the prestigious Sandy Lane on the West Coast of Barbados.

The exclusive Barbados villa is built on three levels, providing 9,796 sq.ft. of living space. Four guest suites are positioned on the ground floor, along with the spacious reception rooms and formal dining room, all opening to the gardens and pool terrace. There is also a family room, state-of-the-art kitchen and powder room on this level.

The expansive master suite occupies the entire first floor, with balconies overlooking the landscaped gardens. On the basement level are two additional guest suites and a home cinema. A stairway from this level leads out to the garden and pool terrace. In addition, there is a fully quipped laundry room, staff rooms and a garage.

The villa is a truly remarkable property, furnished to a high standard, with Plasma TV’s and DVD systems in each bedroom and the family room, as well as a wonderful collection of artwork. The world famous Sandy Lane Beach is just moments away by car, and Sandy Lane property owners enjoy access to the private beach facility adjacent to the Hotel, where parking, changing rooms and sun loungers are provided.

Within a five-minute drive are fine dining restaurants, shopping and other amenities in and around historic Holetown.

This is Barbados luxury real estate at its best.

Appartments in Chancechery Lane
Living Space 350m2
3 Bedrooms
This elegant Barbados penthouse apartment is located in a beachfront property near Speightstown in St. Peter on the west coast. The penthouse enjoys superb sea views and large terraces that offer plenty of space for outdoor dining, lounging and entertaining.

The Barbados penthouse offers 3,799 sq. ft. / 350m² of elegant and sophisticated living space. The property is a low-density building of only 4 floors the penthouse enjoys ceiling heights that are higher than most new buildings that adds to the exclusivity and sense of space.

There are 3 bedrooms, all with en-suite bathrooms and air conditioning. There is a large open plan living room opens out to a covered terrace with an outdoor dining area overlooking the Sea.

On the upper floor terrace of the elegant Barbados penthouse apartment you will find the private Jacuzzi and, as an owner, you will have access to the property’s communal pool and, not least, you will also have beach access directly from the property.

Special Luxury Villa
Bedrooms:5

This Barbados villa in Barbados for sale is boasting a desirable Sandy Lane address. The luxurious Caribbean home is an attractive coral stone villa built over two floors and set in tropical gardens.

This elegant two-storey villa is within walking distance of Sandy Lane beach, widely considered one of Barbados’ most beautiful beaches. The Barbados property offers five bright and spacious air-conditioned en-suite bedrooms, two on the main floor and three on the upper floor.

The private swimming pool is set in a lush garden of ginger lilies and hibiscus. Numerous aged mahogany trees surround the property and help to maintain a cool environment during the day. The pool's sun-filled deck and the upstairs terrace offer quiet relaxation and informal dining.

Whether it's enjoying a spectacular sunset and vista of the turquoise Caribbean Sea or a romantic candle-lit dinner on the upper terrace, this luxury villa in St James offers the best in elegant beach living.